OSDOCS:13467: Creating new tutorial book and updating CLI tutorial (#90215)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/getting-started-cli-deploying-first-image.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * tutorials/dev-app-cli.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="getting-started-cli-deploying-first-image_{context}"]
= Deploying the front-end application

The simplest way to deploy an application in {product-title} is to run a provided container image.

> The following procedure deploys `parksmap`, which is the front-end component of the `national-parks-app` application. The web application displays an interactive map of the locations of national parks across the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to deploy `parksmap`, which is the front-end component of the `national-parks-app` application. The web application displays an interactive map of the locations of national parks across the world.
```

> The following procedure deploys `parksmap, which is the front-end component of the `national-parks-app` application. The web application displays an interactive map of the locations of major national parks across the world.

Reviewer 2: There's a typo here rendering a faulty visualization of the text in the web version. There's a lacking backtick. Please, fix it as following:

The following procedure deploys `parksmap`, which is the front-end component of the `national-parks-app` application. The web application displays an interactive map of the locations of major national parks across the world.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {product-title} cluster.
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

.Procedure

* Deploy the `parksmap` application by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]

> ----

Reviewer: Since this command is fairly long, it might be a better readability experience to break it into multiple lines: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#new

Author: I had considered that for one other command to perhaps add callouts, but for consistency I decided to leave them all one liners, if I didn't need callouts
